Oops, don't go, don't go
Oh, this Shen family suddenly came
Come back and cancel
You walked away all night in vain
Even if Shen is always the richest
Can't he order a wedding and then break it?
This is not to make our Su family become
The laughing stock of Quanhai City?
This is Mr. Shen's decision
I have no right to interfere
Presumptuous you are presumptuous
I'm going to appeal to Madam Shen, please change it.
I am the guardian lady
I'm the guardian lady
Brother Wang
Do you see if Su Yaruo is a real room now?
Typical reality room
My wedding highness is all grandpa
Sun Yanuo
Your divorce has nothing to do with us.
Don't bite people like I'm a mad dog
I don't care.
My wedding was cancelled because of the two of you
Su Yaruo
I looked at Adi's face before
I was going to let you go
Now it's your own death
Call the police, Su Yaruo is suspected of intentional homicide
Hotel surveillance
You should have photographed the whole process
Hand over to the police
reprocessing
Alarm reprocessing
Stop joking with me here.
Look at the last round too
Miss Su monitoring evidence confirmation
The Imperial Hotel has the right to teach you to hand it over to the police
Don't touch me, do you know who I am?
I'm Miss World, don't touch me